_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "Academic Pages is a ready-to-fork GitHub Pages template for academic personal websites"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

## About Me 
Hi! I'm Rasika. I'm a 2nd year PhD student at Indiana University, Bloomington, advised by the ever-wonderful Dr. Jisun An and Dr. Haewoon Kwak. I've also had the priviledge of working closely with Dr. Yong-Yeol Ahn. At SODA lab, I work on research related to decentralized socio-technical systems namely in the form on self-governance system on social media and interactions of LLMs in a team setting. I am interested largely in human-AI alignment and interaction. I mostly study this using LLMs as simulation devices, and particularly about the interaction parameter between LLMs and LLM teams and humans. In the near future, I am also exploring the use case of LLMs in moderation and the internal functioning of LLMs and how that understanding can help create better-aligned (in terms of values, beliefs and behaviors).

Commit message:

Update about.md added News

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

## About Me 
Hi! I'm Rasika. I'm a 2nd year PhD student at Indiana University, Bloomington, advised by the ever-wonderful Dr. Jisun An and Dr. Haewoon Kwak. I've also had the priviledge of working closely with Dr. Yong-Yeol Ahn. At SODA lab, I work on research related to decentralized socio-technical systems namely in the form on self-governance system on social media and interactions of LLMs in a team setting. I am interested largely in human-AI alignment and interaction. I mostly study this using LLMs as simulation devices, and particularly about the interaction parameter between LLMs and LLM teams and humans. In the near future, I am also exploring the use case of LLMs in moderation and the internal functioning of LLMs and how that understanding can help create better-aligned (in terms of values, beliefs and behaviors). 

## News 
Jul 2025: Heading to Sweden for IC2S2!
Jun 2025: Served as a reviewer for the first time! Exciting! 
May 2025: Submitted multi-agents work to ARR!
May 2025: Submitted my work with Bao Truong to CSCW! 
Apr 2025: Presented my work on Multi-Agent teams at MSLD! 
Mar 2025: My Abstract on Multi-Agent Teams got accepted to MSLD 2025! See you in Notre Dame! 
Feb 2025: My work on "Scaling Community Rules on Mastodon" got accepted for a parallel talk at IC2S2! See you in Sweden! 
Aug 2024: Started my PhD program at IU! 
Aug 2024: JMIR publication out: done with Varun Rao, Danny Valdez and others 


## Selected Publications
